Profile hardware -  Draft Hardware Profile Submission (#947)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Hardware/Classes/InstantiatedProcess.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# InstantiatedProcess

> ## Summary
> Class that describes a InstantiatedProcess that is used to define VirtualHardware and it source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Summary

Class that describes an InstantiatedProcess that is used to define VirtualHardware and its source.
```

> ## Description
> InstantiatedProcess is a class defining the process needed to instantiate an 'VirtualHardware' defined by running software package(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description

InstantiatedProcess is a class defining the process needed to instantiate an 'VirtualHardware' defined by running software package(s).
```

> ## Metadata
> - name: InstantiatedProcess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Metadata

- name: InstantiatedProcess
```

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# InstantiatedProcess

## Summary

Class that describes an InstantiatedProcess that is used to define VirtualHardware and its source.

## Description

InstantiatedProcess is a class defining the process needed to instantiate an 'VirtualHardware' defined by running software package(s).

## Metadata

- name: InstantiatedProcess
- SubclassOf: /Core/Process
- Instantiability: Concrete

> ## Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Properties

```

Give a "blank content" (one empty line) to the Properties header, so it will have something for the spec-parser to consume and pass. This should be only temporary.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# InstantiatedProcess

## Summary

Class that describes an InstantiatedProcess that is used to define VirtualHardware and its source.

## Description

InstantiatedProcess is a class defining the process needed to instantiate an 'VirtualHardware' defined by running software package(s).

## Metadata

- name: InstantiatedProcess
- SubclassOf: /Core/Process
- Instantiability: Concrete

> ## Properties
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Temporary remove Properties header to pass the CI.
